fix: Tidy up i18nextTranslationApi change handling (#20567)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/shiny-birds-melt.md

---
'@backstage/core-app-api': patch
---

> Fixed a bug in i18nextTranslationApi where in some cases it wouldn't notify subscribers of language changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug in `TranslationApi` implementation where in some cases it wouldn't notify subscribers of language changes.
```
